
Instructions:
Once you have downloaded the programme, there should be a file named Maori Quiz.exe in your downloads. Upon trying to run it, it might show some warnings, but you can just run anyways to start the Māori Quiz. Level one will contain of 10 questions showing an English definition of one the 3 options provided and a timer for one minute. Just choose the option you think is suitable and press the tick box, which will show you whether you got the question right or wrong, you can press the tick box again to move on to the next question. After you have completed level one or the timer runs out, your final score will be shown and level two will begin. Level two will contain 10 questions and a timer of one minute and 20 seconds, level two gives you the English definition of a Māori Word and you have to type in the Māori Word you think corresponds to the definition. Once you have finished level two or the timer ran out, the programme will show you your score and will ask you if you want to restart the programme. If you press yes the whole process happens again otherwise the application exits.

Information:
This programme is a windows forms application that runs through C# .Net Framework and is designed with the help of Visual Studio 2022. It is a quiz to help people (especially students) to learn basic Māori.
The programme consists of a vocabulary of 50 essential and common Māori words that everyone should know.
Each time the programme runs it gives out questions randomly based on it’s vocabulary of 50 words, so that each time you restart the quiz you get random questions in a random order (same thing applies to options for level one). This makes it so that you won’t memorise the quiz, and you can keep doing the quiz as many times as you like to improve your vocabulary skills. 
The programme contains of a method that gives out a unique random number below 50 each time it is run, the programme then takes the word on that place from its database and displays it. This allows for the programme to give out random questions along with never repeating them (for each level). 
After pressing on the tick box to check your score, the timer pauses and will only continue once you proceed on to the next question. This makes it so that only the time you spend on questions actually counts. 
The timer is shown on the top left and the progress is shown top right.
